After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application:

https://enigmatic-bastion-35195.herokuapp.com/Week6/browseItems.php

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):

https://github.com/eversolea/cs313-php/tree/master/web/Week6
(addNewItem.php adds and deletes entries. You can view them at browseItems.php)

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. Include any special instructions about how to login and/or use your application.

Adding items in any of the tables works
Delete any of the items work
The items will be updated in the Browse Items

4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.

The Shopping cart functionality broke when I changed the Item generation to be based on the database instead of hardcoded.
I will fix this next week during the polish up process.

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.

I love how everything works! Everything was leading up to the sql statment execution, and when it finally happens right, its such a satisfying feeling seein my new items appear and deleted items dissapear. Learning about the custom SQL statment creation and execution is defiatley the coolest part of this assignment.

6. What is a benefit of having a foreign key constraint?

It helps when you have multiple tables in which you want a many-to-many relationship.

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
A - Some attempt was made
B - Developing, but significantly deficient
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
D - Meets requirements
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

E

8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.

I got the deletion working! I thought that was really cool and was hoping that went beyond the requirements, because I was just focusing on adding to each different table. 
