After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Project Title / One sentence description:

The Hipster House:
An online store! My girlfriend and her mom are actually 
thinking of making a store and want a website. So I am making a website for them.

2. Copy and paste the URL for your web application (if applicable):

https://enigmatic-bastion-35195.herokuapp.com/Final/AustDirectory/index.html

3. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):

https://github.com/eversolea/cs313-php/tree/master/web/Final/AustDirectory

4. Describe the functionality that is currently working, along with any special instructions of how to use your web application:

Currently the static User interface design is working. Also the AJAX call is working well.


5. Describe the features that are not yet working correctly.

Locally the drop down menu on the navbar works great and shows a very nice looking drop-down menu. But this doesnt work when I push it to heroku. Still investigating.

6. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
A - Some attempt was made
B - Developing, but significantly deficient
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
D - Meets requirements
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

E

7. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.

I worked really hard on getting the User Interface to look as professional as possible. This is because I want to set the framework for an actual website that will be used for my girlfriends family's store. I found a free Bootstrap design that gave off good vibes and a professional feel that I liked, and then I spent hours editing it to a more simplistic version that I could add my own custom code to (AJAX, next week Node.JS and Express, etc.).

8. Please list any questions you have for the instructor regarding this assignment or this week's topic.

I'm sorry i am submitting this so late! The project change but a wrench in things but I am catching up now.