After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application:

https://enigmatic-bastion-35195.herokuapp.com/home.php

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):

https://github.com/eversolea/cs313-php/tree/master/web

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. Include any special instructions about how to login and/or use your application.

My webpage has a navbar to help the user navigate to the assignments page and back. The navbar is "sticky" so the user can navigate even when scrolled down.

It has embedded videos for the user to watch on the homepage.

It has a javascript timer that loads at the very top of the page.

Using php, it displays the server time (and day of the week) as well for user convinence.


4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.

It all should work! The javascript timer in the homepage loads after a 2 second delay, if that needs to be fixed it could be done, although I like the effect it provides!

Also there are 4 errors in console on the homepage, but they are from ads.doubleclick.google because of the youtube videos I embedded, not any of my code.

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.

I learned how versatile code snippets can be - I can embed youtube videos and other very valueable website widgets very effeciently. I also learned how php can be used to get info from the server - when loading it on my laptop it just showed the echo code, but on the server it actually shows the date and time and day of the week! Very cool :)

6. What is the difference between an HTTP Get and Post? When should each be used?

GET retrieves/requests data from a resource. It can request data from the URL, using the ?variable=true syntax after index.php.

POST sends data to a server to create or modify a resource. It is sent in a HTTP request.

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
A - Some attempt was made
B - Developing, but significantly deficient
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
D - Meets requirements
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

I think this assignment is an E assignemnt.

8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.

I believe I went above and beyond by working a lot on the style and navigation of this webpage, using javascript and css to make a timer and a floating and sticky navbar. Its really neat! I learned alot about it from websites that I cited in my code.