After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application:

https://enigmatic-bastion-35195.herokuapp.com/Week3New/browseItems.php

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):

https://github.com/eversolea/cs313-php/tree/master/web/Week3New

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. Include any special instructions about how to login and/or use your application.

The Browse Items, View Cart, Checkout, and Confirmation page are all functioning. The shopping cart is a session variable that is stored until Checkout is confirmed on the Confirmation page, where it is cleared.

4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.


5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.

I loved learning about the session varaibles. I think that is super cool, that you can share data among different webpages of the website by just doing a session_start()!

6. List one strength and one limitation of using cookies.

A strength is that your website will remember each user for 30 days, giving the user a lot more ease of access because he/she doesnt have to login/type information twice, etc. 

A limitation of this is that it stores user data and could be seen as a privacy invasion, and users should be informed that the website is using cookies (which a lot of websites do now). Also it isn't as good as making an account because the information is temporary - goes away after 30 days, instead of being stored permamently in the website database

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
A - Some attempt was made
B - Developing, but significantly deficient
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
D - Meets requirements
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

E - shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.

I was able to get Ordering multiple items working! Try it out (chekck the View Cart page after adding more than one of the same item to the cart) I used a professional design and put a lot of my personality into it :)